One of the biggest contradictions of massive success Is when people go to their moms, their dads, their brother, sister, boyfriend, girlfriend, they say listen, one day the world's gonna know who I am. One day I will have a Ferrari, the Lambo, the Rolls, the Bentley, the big house, the cars, the backyard with the big swimming pool and an elevator, I'm gonna throw the biggest parties, I'm gonna be a millionaire one day. Yet, instead of staying at the office on Friday night, you call your friends and you go party. Instead of waking up Saturday morning to go to the gym, you sleep in until 10 o'clock. Instead of reading the book on Sundays, you kick back and watch movies all day long. The reality is very simple. Those who win big they do 4 things right. They sleep, sweat, grind, repeat. And they do it over and over and over again until their dreams become a reality. If you can get through to doing things that you hate to do, on the other side is greatness. You gotta have the mentality to show up every f*cking day of your life. No matter what life throws at you. It's our responsibility to show up to the coliseum of life. Prepare for f*cking battle. I don't care what you're going through, what life's thrown at you, it's your responsibility to find your new 100%. You still must grind. I fail at most things I do. But still I grind. I don't wanna do half the sh*t I do, but still I grind. And that one day you see me down a dark alley running at one o'clock in the morning, know one thing, I was grinding. Every single day when you wake up, you got two options. You can look at the clock and hit the snooze. You can look at that snooze button and boom, you can hit the snooze button and go back to bed and dream about what you wanna have. Or you can look at that snooze button, kick that clock and get up and go pursue your dreams. You need to walk through the mud in life guys if you ever wanna get to the higher ground. The higher ground is where you look in the mirror and you have respect that you went through the work, the sweat equity of it all, and the end product is something you can be proud of, a legacy in life that you put your signature to. That means something, you're not speaking hollow words, you're backing those motherf*ckers up with action. That's what lions do. Lions don't give up, lions don't quit, lions hunt. That's what we do for a living. I still grind, I love the grind. If you're competing with one of my businesses, I'm gonna kick your ass 'cause I'm gonna outgrind you. You have to be willing to work in places people don't see. While the other guy's sleeping, I'm working. While the other guy's eating, I'm working. There's a motherf*cker out there who wants what you have. Who wants the position you are, who wants the job you have, who wants the wife that you have or the husband. There's someone out there hungry that wants everything you f*cking have. So make that a motivation for you. And mental toughness says not only do I climb that doggone mountain, I enjoy climbing the mountain. I get a kick out of the mountain, I get a kick out of the weights, I get a kick out of fatigue, I get a kick out of the grind, I get a kick out of it. You take advantage of this opportunity, you let everything else go. You eat different, you study different, you practice different. We don't have forever, let's not act like it. We're all going to die, and so I don't act like I'm gonna live forever. So every opportunity I get, I murder it. Process driven, I love it. I'm about that life. I get up every morning at 3 o'clock. When I wanna get up, when I don't. When I feel like it and I don't feel like it, why? 'Cause I'm process driven. I'm not feelings driven. Champions are not feelings driven. Champions don't get up when they want to. And if we're gonna be champions, process driven. Don't stop when you're tired, stop when you're done.